README.md, before:

# LeaseCal Chrome Extension 🧮

A powerful Chrome extension that enhances the LeaseCal web application with seamless browser integration and additional features.

## Table of Contents ✨  

- [Description](#description)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

# Description

LeaseCal Chrome Extension extends the functionality of the LeaseCal web application directly in your browser. This extension provides quick access to lease calculations and management features without leaving your current webpage.

![Preview](Screen2.jpg)

# Installation

To install and run LeaseCal Chrome Extension locally, follow these steps:

1. Clone this repository
2. Navigate to project directory: 
   ```
   cd lease-calc-extension
   ```
3. Install the dependencies using npm: 
   ```
   npm install
   ```

# Usage
## Development Mode 🔥
To run the extension in development mode:

```
npm run dev
```
`This will run the development server on localhost`

 http://localhost:3000/

## Build and Install in Chrome 🔥
To build and install the extension in Chrome:

1. Build the project:
```
npm run build
```
`This will create the extension files in the 'out/' directory`

2. Open Google Chrome and navigate to `chrome://extensions/`
3. Enable "Developer mode" in the top right corner
4. Click "Load unpacked" and select the `out` directory
5. The LeaseCal extension icon should now appear in your Chrome toolbar

![Preview](Screen1.jpg)

## Features
- Quick access to LeaseCal functionality from any webpage
- Integration with the LeaseCal web application
- Streamlined lease calculations
- Browser toolbar integration
- Offline capability

# Contributing
Contributions to LeaseCal Chrome Extension are welcome! If you find any issues or have suggestions for improvements, please feel free to open an issue or submit a pull request.

# License
This project is licensed under the MIT License.

Feel free to customize and modify it based on your specific requirements. 
Make sure to include any additional information, such as troubleshooting tips or specific 
functionality, to provide a comprehensive guide for users.

```
MIT License

Copyright (c) 2025 Mohammed Isa

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Add configurable letting fee input and prepare for Chrome Web Store submission - Added letting fee input field (0-2 weeks) to Reletting Calculator - Updated calculation formula to use configurable letting fee - Removed unnecessary permissions from manifest (host_permissions, content_scripts) - Fixed icon configuration (changed to 128px standard) - Added validation and packaging scripts for Chrome Web Store - Created comprehensive submission documentation - Version bump to 1.0.3

README.md, after:

# LeaseCal Chrome Extension 🧮

A powerful Chrome extension that enhances the LeaseCal web application with seamless browser integration and additional features.

## Table of Contents ✨  

- [Description](#description)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

# Description

LeaseCal Chrome Extension extends the functionality of the LeaseCal web application directly in your browser. This extension provides quick access to lease calculations and management features without leaving your current webpage.

![Preview](Screen2.jpg)

# Installation

To install and run LeaseCal Chrome Extension locally, follow these steps:

1. Clone this repository
2. Navigate to project directory: 
   ```
   cd lease-calc-extension
   ```
3. Install the dependencies using npm: 
   ```
   npm install
   ```

# Usage
## Development Mode 🔥
To run the extension in development mode:

```
npm run dev
```
`This will run the development server on localhost`

 http://localhost:3000/

## Build and Install in Chrome 🔥
To build and install the extension in Chrome:

1. Build the extension:
```
npm run build:extension
```
`This will create the extension files in the 'dist/' directory`

2. Open Google Chrome and navigate to `chrome://extensions/`
3. Enable "Developer mode" in the top right corner
4. Click "Load unpacked" and select the `dist` directory
5. The Lease Calculator extension icon should now appear in your Chrome toolbar

## Package for Chrome Web Store 📦
To create a production-ready ZIP file for Chrome Web Store submission:

```
npm run package
```

This will:
- Build the extension
- Validate all requirements
- Create `lease-calculator-extension.zip`

See `CHROME_STORE_SUBMISSION.md` for detailed submission instructions.

![Preview](Screen1.jpg)

## Features
- **Rent Calculator:** Calculate move-in costs including 2 weeks advance rent and bond (4 or 6 weeks)
- **Advertising Fee Calculator:** Calculate advertising fees based on remaining lease term
- **Reletting Fee Calculator:** Calculate maximum reletting fees with configurable letting fee (up to 2 weeks)
- **Date-based calculations:** Use dates or manual week entry
- **Smart week rounding:** Automatically rounds weeks when 5+ days remaining
- **Data persistence:** All inputs saved locally
- **Australian currency formatting:** AUD with proper formatting
- **No permissions required:** Privacy-focused, popup-only extension

# Contributing
Contributions to LeaseCal Chrome Extension are welcome! If you find any issues or have suggestions for improvements, please feel free to open an issue or submit a pull request.

# License
This project is licensed under the MIT License.

Feel free to customize and modify it based on your specific requirements. 
Make sure to include any additional information, such as troubleshooting tips or specific 
functionality, to provide a comprehensive guide for users.

```
MIT License

Copyright (c) 2025 Mohammed Isa

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
